+++
articlenum = "1734"
ce = ["false"]
cecredits = ["1.5"]
cecreditsapproved = ["true"]
cecreditstype = ["General"]
date = "2016-09-28T13:45:12-05:00"
earlybirdexpiration = "2016-11-08"
feemember = "55"
feenonmember = "70"
formatteddate = "Tuesday, November 15, 2016"
formattedtime = "5:30 PM - 7:30 PM"
formattedtype = "Chapter Meeting"
locationdirections = ""
locationfulladdress = ""
locationnameanddescription = ""
locationparking = ""
programbenefits = [""]
programdate = "2016-11-15"
programdescription = ["existing"]
publishdate = "2016-09-28"
reqdate = "2016-09-27T16:23:31.933Z"
sessionsubtitle = [""]
sessiontime = ["2016-11-15T18:00:00Z"]
sessiontitle = ["Building Workplace Violence Prevention Programs to Meet Industry Standards"]
slug = "2016-09-27-nov-ch-mtg"
speakerbio = ["""John Leavey has more than 30 years’ security experience in both the public and private sector. Mr. Leavey has brought to AT-RISK a career of understanding and capability in critical situation management, conflict resolution, facility protection, protective services and criminal investigations.

Before joining AT-RISK, Mr. Leavey was the Chief Security Officer for a large international manufacturing firm in the southeast. During this role, Mr. Leavey was tasked with curbing the flow of counterfeit products coming into Europe and the United States out of Asia. Prior to this, Mr. Leavey was the Senior Director, International Security Operations, for a Fortune 50 company located on Wall Street. Here Mr. Leavey directed global security operations for the firm’s various companies located in over 130 countries. In particular, the emergency readiness program established by Mr. Leavey was recognized by local and governmental agencies as ground breaking becoming the model for other agencies and firms to emulate and adapt. Mr. Leavey’s career also included conducting computer forensics for both the U.S. government and a renowned international security firm. Mr. Leavey began his career in law enforcement with the US Army’s Criminal Investigation Division (CID). He retired after 23 years as a Special Agent-in-Charge earning the Army’s prestigious Legion of Merit. Mr. Leavey’s critical assignments included Special Agent-in-Charge, Middle East; Director of Operations, NATO-Bosnia/Hungary/Croatia Region; Special Agent – European Special Investigation Branch; and Special Agent-in-Charge, United States Military Academy at West Point.

As well as being a graduate of the FBI National Academy, Mr. Leavey’s advanced training consists of the National Fire Academy Arson Investigations Course, Department of Defense Protective Services Course, Crisis Management/Hostage Negotiations, FBI White Collar Crime Investigations, US Treasury Computer Investigations, US Treasury Advanced Financial Fraud Investigations, Forensic Data Recovery, Department of Defense Counter Terrorism Course, as well as numerous senior law enforcement leadership/management courses."""]
speakercompany = ["AT-RISK International"]
speakeremail = ["jleavey@at-riskinternational.com"]
speakername = ["John Leavey"]
speakertitle = ["Executive Director of Operations"]
speakerwebsite1 = [""]
speakerwebsite2 = [""]
speakerwebsite3 = [""]
speakerwebsite4 = [""]
title = "Building Workplace Violence Prevention Programs to Meet Industry Standards"

+++

{{< section_heading "Short Description" >}}
{{< highlight html >}}
  {{< short_description >}}
{{< /highlight >}}
{{< section_heading "Site Heading" >}}
{{< highlight html >}}
  {{< ym_website_heading >}}
{{< /highlight >}}
{{< section_heading "Location" >}}
{{< highlight html >}}
  {{< ym_location >}}
{{< /highlight >}}
{{< section_heading "Registration Fees" >}}
{{< highlight html >}}
  {{< ym_fees >}}
{{< /highlight >}}
{{< section_heading "Program Information" >}}
{{< highlight html >}}
  {{< ym_program >}}
{{< /highlight >}}
{{< section_heading "Presenter Information" >}}
{{< highlight html >}}
  {{< ym_presenter >}}
{{< /highlight >}}