+++
ce = ["true"]
cecredits = ["1.5"]
cecreditsapproved = ["false"]
cecreditstype = [""]
date = "2016-09-17T18:33:28-05:00"
earlybirdexpiration = ""
feemember = "0"
feenonmember = "15"
formatteddate = "Friday, November 11, 2016"
formattedtime = "7:30 AM - 9:30 AM"
formattedtype = "Talent Development SIG"
locationdirections = "Travel by Car From I-495: Take Exit 47B Route 7 East for 2 miles, passing under Route 66. Turn left at the next major traffic light onto Haycock Road. At the next traffic light, turn left onto the access road for the West Falls Church Metro Station. The building is on the left. Follow signs for University parking. From I-66: Exit onto Route 7 East towards Falls Church. Turn left onto Haycock Road. turn left onto the access road for the West Falls Church Metro Station. The building is on the left. Follow signs for University parking. From Route 7 East: Turn left onto Haycock Road.At the next traffic light, turn left onto the access road for the West Falls Church Metro Station. The building is on the left. Follow signs for University parking. Travel by Metrorail Take the Orange Line to the West Falls Church Station. Walk approximately 200 yards from the Metro lobby, across the parking lot. For route and fare information, visit www.wmata.com Travel by Bus MetroBus and the Fairfax Connector make stops at the West Falls Church Metro Station. Route information may be obtained from Metro at 202.637.700 or the Fairfax Connector at 703.339.7200."
locationfulladdress = "7054 Haycock Road, Falls Chirch, Virginia 22043"
locationnameanddescription = "University of Virginia School of Continuing and Professional Studies"
locationparking = "Parking is $4.85 per weekday, cash or credit. Parking is free on weekends. If the University parking lot is full, please use the Metro parking lot across the street. A SmarTrip Card is needed to exit the Metro lot. To purchase a SmarTrip Card, visit http://www.wmata.com/fares/smartrip/"
programbenefits = ["""  - Notice vocal obstacles that get in the way of effectively communicating their own messages
  - Identify the strengths and weaknesses in their voice and how they directly correlate to their own leadership presence
  - Use vocal exercises that increase their awareness of the power of vocal presence
  - Learn a new technique that enables them to make distinctions and choices about the vocal qualities that will effectively communicate their intentions"""]
programdate = "2016-11-11"
programdescription = ["""This workshop introduces the concept of Vocal Presence, a critical component in everyone’s ability to get their message across or project a powerful presence out to the world. The workshop provides an experiential opportunity to increase awareness of the power of vocal presence and its impact on leaders’ ability to effectively communicate their message. It is the use of voice tone, color and richness to complement other non-verbal cues in communicating a message that is consistent with the verbal content. When a leader’s voice matches the content of the words, they bring more power to their message. For example, a powerful, low voice that sounds strident is probably not the best voice to choose to express empathy. Warmth and a soft tone would be more effective.

The approach presented in this workshop is based on a methodology developed in the 1960’s by Roy Hart for actors to help them increase the range of their voice but also give them the capacity to choose the right voice for the message. Through experiencing Vocal Presence exercises, the workshop participants will be able to immediately increase the awareness of their voice - where it is strong and powerful and where it needs some tuning up. They will also work in small groups to determine which of their “voices” align with the message they want to send so they can make choices about how they want to sound. This workshop is eye and ear-opening and participants will leave with a new skill they never knew they had!"""]
reqdate = "2016-09-16T19:27:02.822Z"
sessionsubtitle = [""]
sessiontime = ["2016-11-11T07:30:00Z"]
sessiontitle = ["Vocal Presence: Develop the Voice You Need to Create the Leadership Presence You Want"]
slug = "2016-09-16-nov-sig-td"
speakerbio = ["""Kari Uman, President of Uman Resource Associates, has worked for over 30 years providing coaching and consulting services to leaders and intact teams in both public and private sector organizations.

As a professionally certified coach, Kari works with leaders to improve interpersonal relationship skills; develop political savvy; and influence others more effectively. Kari uses a methodology, Vocal Presence, to help leaders cultivate and demonstrate a strong professional presence; create a more positive self-image; explore the beliefs that are undermining their vocal effectiveness; and develop both vocal and physical behaviors and strategies that enhance their success.

Ms. Uman holds a B.A. in Sociology from the University of Wisconsin in Madison, a M.Ed. from the University of Maine, and certificates in Organization Development and Leadership Coaching from Georgetown University. Ms. Uman holds several 360 degree assessments certifications, including the EQ-I 2.0 (Emotional intelligence) and is certified by William Bridges and Associates to conduct workshops and provide consulting services on managing organizational transitions."""]
speakercompany = ["Uman Resource Associates"]
speakeremail = ["kari@umanresources.com"]
speakername = ["Kari Uman"]
speakertitle = ["President"]
speakerwebsite1 = ["http://UmanResources.com"]
speakerwebsite2 = [""]
speakerwebsite3 = [""]
speakerwebsite4 = [""]
title = "Vocal Presence: Develop the Voice You Need to Create the Leadership Presence You Want"
+++

{{< section_heading "Short Description" >}}
{{< highlight html >}}
  {{< short_description >}}
{{< /highlight >}}
{{< section_heading "Site Heading" >}}
{{< highlight html >}}
  {{< ym_website_heading >}}
{{< /highlight >}}
{{< section_heading "Location" >}}
{{< highlight html >}}
  {{< ym_location >}}
{{< /highlight >}}
{{< section_heading "Registration Fees" >}}
{{< highlight html >}}
  {{< ym_fees >}}
{{< /highlight >}}
{{< section_heading "Program Information" >}}
{{< highlight html >}}
  {{< ym_program >}}
{{< /highlight >}}
{{< section_heading "Presenter Information" >}}
{{< highlight html >}}
  {{< ym_presenter >}}
{{< /highlight >}}