+++
ce = ["true"]
cecredits = ["1.5"]
cecreditsapproved = ["true"]
cecreditstype = ["general"]
date = "2016-08-21T20:05:38-05:00"
earlybirdexpiration = ""
feemember = "0"
feenonmember = "15"
formatteddate = "Friday, September 9, 2016"
formattedtime = "7:30 AM - 9:30 AM"
formattedtype = "Talent Development SIG"
locationdirections = "The UVA Northern Virginia Center, located at 7054 Haycock Road in Falls Church, is easily accessible from I-495, I-66, and Route 7 and is adjacent to the West Falls Church Metro (orange line)."
locationfulladdress = "7054 Haycock Road, Falls Church, Virginia 22043"
locationnameanddescription = "UVA Northern Virginia Center"
locationparking = "Parking is $4.85 per weekday, cash or credit. If the University parking lot is full, please use the Metro parking lot across the street. A SmarTrip Card is needed to exit the Metro lot. To purchase a SmarTrip Card, visit http://www.wmata.com/fares/smartrip/"
programbenefits = ["""Session learning objectives: By the end of my presentation, a participant will be able to:

  - Incorporate development into their everyday routine
  - Articulate their core leadership values
  - Recognize the difference between how they are perceived versus how they want to be perceived as a leader
  - Make stronger connections to those they lead"""]
programdate = "2016-09-09"
programdescription = ["""Stories have power. They move people in ways that facts and figures cannot. Every leader has a story. However, most leaders have not considered their story and how it impacts others. Tim Tobin, leadership expert and author of “Your Leadership Story: Use Your Story to Energize, Inspire, and Motivate” shows you how to take control of your leadership story. By having greater self-awareness of your story, you can have a greater impact on those you lead."""]
reqdate = "2016-08-16"
sessionsubtitle = [""]
sessiontime = ["2016-09-09T07:30:00Z"]
sessiontitle = ["Your Leadership Story: How to Use Your Story to Transform Your Leadership"]
slug = "2016-09-01-sep-sig-td"
speakerbio = ["""Tim is a learning and leadership development professional committed to helping individuals and organizations reach their greatest potential. He currently works for Choice Hotels as the Dean of Choice University where he is responsible for learning strategy and programs for all franchisees. Previously, he was Vice President of Global Leadership Development for Marriott International and held talent management roles for Baker Tilly and Booz Allen Hamilton.

He is a thought leader and frequent speaker at national conferences and local events. He was featured in Chief Learning Officer magazine (July 2015) and his work was recognized with the 2014 Chief Learning Officer Global Learning Award, the 2012 Chief Learning Officer Innovation Award, and the 2005 Future Human Capital Leader Award from Human Capital Magazine."""]
speakercompany = ["Choice Hotels International"]
speakeremail = ["timothy_tobin@choicehotels.com"]
speakername = ["Tim Tobin"]
speakertitle = ["Dean, Choice University"]
speakerwebsite1 = [""]
speakerwebsite2 = [""]
speakerwebsite3 = [""]
speakerwebsite4 = [""]
title = "Your Leadership Story: How to Use Your Story to Transform Your Leadership"

+++

{{< section_heading "Short Description" >}}
{{< highlight html >}}
  {{< short_description >}}
{{< /highlight >}}
{{< section_heading "Site Heading" >}}
{{< highlight html >}}
  {{< ym_website_heading >}}
{{< /highlight >}}
{{< section_heading "Location" >}}
{{< highlight html >}}
  {{< ym_location >}}
{{< /highlight >}}
{{< section_heading "Registration Fees" >}}
{{< highlight html >}}
  {{< ym_fees >}}
{{< /highlight >}}
{{< section_heading "Program Information" >}}
{{< highlight html >}}
  {{< ym_program >}}
{{< /highlight >}}
{{< section_heading "Presenter Information" >}}
{{< highlight html >}}
  {{< ym_presenter >}}
{{< /highlight >}}