+++
ce = ["false","true"]
cecredits = [0,0]
cecreditsapproved = ["false","false"]
cecreditstype = ["","General"]
date = "2016-09-07T21:25:30-05:00"
earlybirdexpiration = ""
feemember = "0"
feenonmember = "15"
formatteddate = "Friday, October 7, 2016"
formattedtime = "8:00 AM - 10:00 AM"
formattedtype = "Government Contracting SIG"
locationdirections = "Take the Dulles Toll Road West, Exit 14 Hunter Mill Road and go left off the ramp, make a right onto Sunrise Valley Drive and take your first right in the parking lot."
locationfulladdress = "10701 Parkridge Blvd, Suite 300, Reston, Virginia 20191"
locationnameanddescription = "Jackson Lewis P.C."
locationparking = "Free parking"
programbenefits = ["","""Mr. Niewman will discuss this new EO and its impact on government contractors. Participants will:
Understand this latest EO and its components including:

  - Effective date and timeframe of reporting requirements
  - Subcontract reporting obligations
  - Reporting entity clarification
  - Assessment by contracting agency
  - Paycheck transparency and pre-dispute arbitration agreements
  - Recognize the challenges and impact on government contractors
  - Learn what organizations need to do now
"""]
programdate = "2016-10-07"
programdescription = ["","""Effective October 25, 2016, the "Fair Pay and Safe Workplaces" regulations promoting efficiency in government procurement by ensuring federal agencies contract only with "responsible" contractors who comply with federal and state workplace laws will begin, and government contractors need to understand the guidance. The Executive Order sets forth guidance requiring government contracting officers to consider an employer's record of workplace law compliance when awarding contracts and subcontracts valued at more than $500,000.
Much has been written about this EO due to the challenges it may present for federal contractors. Is your organization ready to compile with the reporting and notification requirements of the "Fair Pay and Safe Workplaces" EO?
Join us on October 7, 2016 at 8am for a presentation by Jackson Lewis Principal Matthew Nieman to better understand this EO and how to support your organization’s compliance efforts."""]
publishdate = "2016-09-08"
reqdate = "2016-09-07T19:12:42.846Z"
sessionsubtitle = ["","Effective date of regulations: October 25, 2016"]
sessiontime = ["2016-10-07T08:00:00Z","2016-10-07T08:30:00Z"]
sessiontitle = ["Registration/Networking","Fair Pay and Safe Workplaces: Blacklisting Execuitve Order"]
slug = "2016-09-07-oct-sig-gc"
speakerbio = ["","""Matthew F. Nieman is a Principal in the Washington, D.C. Region office of Jackson Lewis P.C. He also serves as the Litigation Manager for the office.
Mr. Nieman represents employers in a broad spectrum of labor and employment law matters, including discrimination, retaliation, wage and hour, whistleblower claims (including Dodd-Frank, the False Claims Act, and Sarbanes-Oxley), questions related to the Uniformed Services Employment and Re-employment Rights Act of 1994 (“USERRA”), and workplace drug-testing issues. He is actively involved in all phases of the litigation process on the full range of employment discrimination and employment-related tort and contract claims, including the representation of employers in actions before the Department of Labor, the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, the National Labor Relations Board, the Occupational Safety and Health Administration, the Mine Safety and Health Administration, and various state and local agencies.
As part of his litigation practice, he has concluded many employment-related adversarial proceedings, including solo trials and multiple jury trial defense-verdicts. He has additionally drafted numerous successful dispositive and summary judgment motions in state and federal courts throughout the Mid-Atlantic region, including a summary judgment victory in the United States District for Maryland on a Sarbanes-Oxley claim.
Mr. Nieman is a frequent writer on substance-abuse-prevention topics. He also speaks to and provides training to employer groups on various workplace-related topics, including sexual harassment, discrimination, substance-abuse prevention, and litigation avoidance.
Prior to entering private practice, Mr. Nieman was in public service as an active-duty U.S. Army Judge Advocate (“JAG”) at Fort Benning, Georgia and at Camp Liberty, Baghdad, Iraq. During his service as an Army JAG, Mr. Nieman enjoyed unique opportunities to interact with state and local governments in both the criminal and civil arenas as well as to develop trial experience. These opportunities include two years as a prosecutor in both military and federal courts (concluding over 40 separate trials) and over a year of responsibility for handling all tort claims filed against Fort Benning, its hospital, and other Department of the Army personnel in a region covering large portions of Alabama, Georgia, and Florida. Tort claim issues covered include general negligence, medical malpractice, and the subrogation and collection of TRICARE expenses incurred by service members, retirees and their dependents in otherwise unrelated tort actions.
Mr. Nieman received a commission as a Distinguished Military Graduate of the U.S. Army Reserve Officers’ Training Corps. He clerked for the Williamsburg/James City County, Virginia Commonwealth Attorney’s Office throughout law school."""]
speakercompany = ["","Jackson Lewis"]
speakeremail = ["","niemanm@jacksonlewis.com"]
speakername = ["","Matthew Nieman"]
speakertitle = ["","Attorney"]
speakerwebsite1 = ["","http://www.jacksonlewis.com"]
speakerwebsite2 = [""]
speakerwebsite3 = [""]
speakerwebsite4 = [""]
title = "Fair Pay and Safe Workplaces: Blacklisting Execuitve Order"
+++

{{< section_heading "Short Description" >}}
{{< highlight html >}}
  {{< short_description >}}
{{< /highlight >}}
{{< section_heading "Site Heading" >}}
{{< highlight html >}}
  {{< ym_website_heading >}}
{{< /highlight >}}
{{< section_heading "Location" >}}
{{< highlight html >}}
  {{< ym_location >}}
{{< /highlight >}}
{{< section_heading "Registration Fees" >}}
{{< highlight html >}}
  {{< ym_fees >}}
{{< /highlight >}}
{{< section_heading "Program Information" >}}
{{< highlight html >}}
  {{< ym_program >}}
{{< /highlight >}}
{{< section_heading "Presenter Information" >}}
{{< highlight html >}}
  {{< ym_presenter >}}
{{< /highlight >}}