+++
articlenum = "1720"
benefits = """
 - Employee Coaching
 - Leadership
 - Processes Do Count
 - How to Keep Score
 - Addressing Underperformers
"""
speakerbio = ["""
Before launching a career in coaching, Sandra had a successful professional career in the public and private sectors. She completed her service as the U.S. Air Force’s Deputy Director of Budget for Operations and Personnel, responsible for $60 billion/year in budget authority. Later she was invited to serve as a senior civilian business modernization advisor for the Under Secretary of Defense (Comptroller)/Chief Financial Officer (CFO). Additionally, as vice president of a $100 million management and technology services company, Sandra successfully led a business development and delivery team. Her leadership skills also put her on several boards of directors, specializing in audit oversight.

As an experienced executive, Sandra is a passionate leader who has helped organizations implement strategic vision and garnered buy-in from various stakeholders. Her exceptional skills yielded organizational changes and welcomed results when she:
 - Led efforts starting the federal government’s CFO Academy operational since 2008
 - Created DoD’s Financial Workforce Management Office, supporting 60,000 professionals
 - Incubated and delivered the DoD Financial Management Certification Program, shaping the legislative actions and garnering support throughout the DoD community
 - Testified to Congressional panel on workforce issues representing CFO; good press
 - Created DoD CFO’s new advisory boards to include oversight of a 4500-person audit agency and the DoD Audit Advisory Committee – delivered expert advice for the CFO
 - Tackled tough issues as Chief Financial Officer (CFO) for Air Force Space Command – grew budget with smooth mergers; and led Service-wide training program, Top Dollar
 - Spoke to audiences of 4,000 people as national president of professional organization; and was named Toastmaster of the Year in Hawaii for state-wide leadership initiatives
 - Taught college-level courses to more than 1,000 students – named best instructor at the DoD Professional Military Comptroller School – and taught overseas for a U.S. college
 - Served on eight boards of directors to include a credit union, bank, college foundation, professional financial management organization, and the Army and Air Force Exchange Service (AAFES), where audit oversight resulted in profound changes

Sandra has a Bachelor’s degree in Business Administration, an MBA, and Master’s of Science in National Resource Strategy. She also completed residence programs for MIT’s Seminar XXI, Air Command and Staff College, and the Industrial College of the Armed Forces at National Defense University. Additionally, she was awarded an Honorary Doctorate and was named distinguished alumna from her alma mater. Sandra is a Certified Defense Financial Manager (CDFM) and is completing the Georgetown University’s leadership coaching certificate program. As an executive coach, she is committed to illuminating your leadership potential.

As a caring professional with a spark toward changing business and transforming lives, Sandra combines her expertise, knowledge, and education in shaping professionals who want to go to the next level of performance. Her motto, It’s Your Job Interview Every Day, shines through in her coaching individuals and organizations in their rise to the top. Sandra gets results.
"""]
boardmember = "0"
ce="yes"
creditsapproved = "no"
creditsapprovedbusiness = "1.5"
creditsapprovedgeneral = "1.5"
creditsapprovedshrm = "1.5"
date = "2016-06-02T23:03:45-05:00"
description = """
Strengthen your coaching acumen and ability to help others grow their careers. Learn coaching strategies and techniques from a leading professional that helps change business and transform lives. Sandra combines her expertise, knowledge, and education in shaping professionals who want to go to the next level of performance. Her motto, It’s Your Job Interview Every Day, shines through in her coaching individuals and organizations in their rise to the top.
"""
directions = "The UVA Northern Virginia Center, located at 7054 Haycock Road in Falls Church, is easily accessible from I-495, I-66, and Route 7 and is adjacent to the West Falls Church Metro (orange line)."
formatteddate = "Thursday, July 14, 2016"
formattedtime = "8:00 AM - 10:00 AM"
fulladdress = "7054 Haycock Rd. | Falls Church, Virginia 22043"
locationnameanddescription = "UVA Northern Virginia Center"
memberfee = "0"
nonmemberfee = "15"
parking = "Parking is $4.85 weekdays, cash only. If the University parking lot is full, please use the Metro parking lot across the street. A SmarTrip Card is needed to exit the Metro lot. To purchase a SmarTrip Card, visit http://www.wmata.com/fares/smartrip"
publishdate = "2016-06-02T23:03:45-05:00"
reqdate = "2016-05-31T23:03:45-05:00"
slug = "2016-06-01-sig-er"
speakeremail = ["Sandra.Gregory@cox.net"]
speakername = ["Sandra Gregory"]
speakertitle = ["CEO"]

studentmember = "0"
subtitle = "It's Your Job Interview Everyday"
title = "Employee Coaching"
transitionmember = "0"

+++

  <b>Employment Relations SIG</b><br>
  Presented by Sandra Gregory<br>
  Location: UVA Northern Virginia Center<br>
  <b><i>This program has been submitted to the HRCI and the SHRM for review.</i></b><br>
  <b><i>Approved</i></b> for HRCI Credits <br>
   <b><i>Approved</i></b> for 0 SHRM Credits

