+++
slug = "TAM-1-22-1"

title = "TAM SIG Webinar Series: Enabling Successful Succession Planning and Talent Reviews"
subtitle = "Creating Success in Your Succession Planning"

reqdate = "2016-02-29T18:09:00Z"
eventdate = "2016-03-24"
PublishDate ="2016-03-03"

FormattedDate = "Thursday, March 24, 2016"
FormattedTime = "12:00 PM - 1:00 PM"

session1name = "Creating Success in Your Succession Planning"
session1time = "2016-03-24T12:00:00Z"

ce = "no"
creditsApproved = "False"
creditsApprovedBusiness = "0"
creditsApprovedGeneral = "0"
creditsApprovedSHRM = "0"

memberfee = "0"
nonmemberfee = "15"
articlenum = "1662"

description = """
NOVA SHRM and the TAM SIG are excited to provide a two-part webinar series from Doris M. Sims, SPHR an international Talent Review and Succession consultant, thought leader, speaker and author.

Title: Creating Success in Your Succession Planning

March 24th, 12pm-1pm

1. Learn how to help managers to more accurately identify top talent groups, such as successors, high performers, high potentials and key experts.
2. Learn how to identify Qualified Successors and Future-Gap Successors based on qualification strengths and gaps rather than the “Ready 1-2 Years” approach to increase successor selection validity, readiness and results.
3. Obtain unique and humorous analogies to help business leaders truly understand what a talent review process and succession planning is all about.

Brochure Description: Attend this session to learn the business value of planning a new talent benchstrength strategy or enhancing a current talent strategy.  Discover what sports teams and coffee beans can teach us about succession planning.  Play the Talent Benchstrength matching game to review the similarities and differences between high performers, high potentials, successors, and key experts.  View succession planning as a critical risk management business function, and obtain ideas to identify succession development actions to close competency gaps and to increase successor readiness.
"""

speakername = ["Doris M. Sims, SPHR"]
speakeremail = ["doris@successionconsultant.com"]
speakerwebsite1 = ["www.SuccessionConsultant.com"]
speakerwebsite2 = ["214-906-3155"]

speakerbio = ["""
Doris is the author of The 30-Minute Guide to Talent and Succession Management, The Talent Review Meeting Facilitator’s Guide, Creative Onboarding Programs, and Building Tomorrow’s Talent.  Doris works with organizations of all shapes and sizes globally (North America, South America, Asia and Europe) to help them to plan, execute, and measure a talent review process and a succession strategy.  Doris Sims, The Succession Consultant, LLC is an HRCI Approved Provider.

Doris holds an MS Degree in Human Resource Development and holds a Senior Professional in HR certification (SPHR) from the Human Resource Certification Institute (HRCI).  In 1996, Doris received the Outstanding Performers in Training Management award, in the category of “Establishing a New Training Function”, from Lakewood Publications, and her talent management procedures have been featured in a Corporate Leadership Council best practices publication.  Contact talent management author and international speaker Doris Sims, SPHR at doris@successionconsultant.com or at 214-906-3155.  View the full bio of Doris Sims at www.SuccessionConsultant.com. 
"""]
+++