+++
articlenum = "1732"
benefits = """Objectives:

  - Understand what people analytics are and how to create actionable insights from these techniques
  - Understand why people analytics are critical to HR professionals now and the HR profession of the future
  - Recognize where your organization is on the spectrum of people analytics maturity 
  - Preview some organizational case studies
  - Determine your next steps in the process of people analytics"""
boardmember = "0"
ce = "yes"
creditsapproved = "False"
creditsapprovedbusiness = "0"
creditsapprovedgeneral = "0"
creditsapprovedshrm = "0"
date = "2016-07-19T17:28:54-05:00"
description = """Big data. People science. Predictive analytics technologies. By now you’ve probably heard the buzz about people analytics, but do you really understand what they are? And can you answer the question about why HR should care?  

Join us on July 19th as we kick-off our brand new NOVA SHRM Special Interest Group (SIG) on Data Analytics & HR Technology. Our first event will introduce participants to the world of data analytics within HR and the growing importance of this field to HR professionals. We will discuss how organizations start data analytics programs and showcase examples of organizations that are on the cutting-edge of HR data science."""

formatteddate = "Tuesday, July 19, 2016"
formattedtime = "8:00 AM - 10:00 AM"
locationdirections = "The UVA Northern Virginia Center, located at 7054 Haycock Road in Falls Church, is easily accessible from I-495, I-66, and Route 7 and is adjacent to the West Falls Church Metro (orange line)."
locationfulladdress = "7054 Haycock Road, Falls Church, Virginia 22043"
locationnameanddescription = "UVA Northern Virginia Center"
locationparking = "Parking is $4.85 per weekday, cash or credit. If the University parking lot is full, please use the Metro parking lot across the street. A SmarTrip Card is needed to exit the Metro lot. To purchase a SmarTrip Card, visit http://www.wmata.com/fares/smartrip/"
memberfee = "0"
nonmemberfee = "15"
publishdate = "2016-07-07"
reqdate = "2016-06-30"
session1name = "Registration/Networking:"
session1time = "2006-01-02T08:00:00Z"
session2name = "Program:"
session2time = "2006-01-02T08:30:00Z"

slug = "sig-dahr-07-19"
speakerbio = ["""Ranjan is a Director at PricewaterhouseCoopers’ LLP (PwC) with over fifteen years of experience in management consulting, workforce analytics, statistical modeling, and behavioral economics. 

He leads the metrics and predictive analytics practice at PwC People Analytics which is part of Global Human Resource Solutions (GHRS) group. His core expertise is in conceptualizing new-to-the-world analytic frameworks and developing complementary benchmarking & diagnostic services. Ranjan's recent client engagements have included detailed assessments of HR functions, talent management strategy development, workforce intelligence roadmap design, leadership dashboards, employee engagement surveys and HR predictive solutions. He is a thought leader in the area of workforce analytics and has been interviewed/quoted by prominent media outlets like CFO.com, HR Magazine, HBR Analytic Services, HR Executive, CNN/Money, WSJ, and Bloomberg BNA.

Before PwC, Ranjan worked at Corporate Executive Board, where he headed the Analytics and Benchmarking group within Technology Practice. In the past he has served as a faculty at McCombs School of Business, University of Texas, Austin. Ranjan also serves as a Board Member and Audit Committee Chair for Linden Resources, an Arlington, VA based non-profit organization providing employment opportunities to individuals with disabilities.

Ranjan holds a Ph.D. in Economics/Management Information Systems from University of Texas, an MBA from Indian Institute of Management Calcutta, and a BE in Mechanical Engineering."""]
speakeremail = ["ranjan.dutta@pwc.com"]
speakername = ["Ranjan Dutta"]
speakersession = [""]
speakertitle = ["People Analytics Director"]
speakerwebsite1 = [""]
speakerwebsite2 = [""]
speakerwebsite3 = [""]
speakerwebsite4 = [""]
studentmember = "0"
subtitle = ""
title = "The Geeks Arrive In HR: People Analytics Are Here!"
transitionmember = "0"

+++

