+++
articlenum = "1692"
benefits = """
By the end of my presentation, a participant will be able to (provide 3-5 objectives):

  - Learn the primary traits of each of the three generations in the workplace today
  - Distinguish the factors that motivates each of the generations
  - Demonstrate the methods of communication for interacting with Millennials
  - Be able to practice the six keys to coaching Millennials
"""
speakerbio = ["""
Warren Wright - CoachingMillennials

Warren Wright is President at CoachingMillennials, a consulting firm dedicated to helping companies understand generational differences. He writes, speaks, and consults on the topic of generations and social change in America.

In 2012, Warren partnered with Neil Howe, the best-selling author, historian, and creator of the name “Millennial generation” to help companies attract and retain Millennials as customers and as employees. Warren is a principal in three companies—LifeCourse Associates, Saeculum Research, and CoachingMillennials, all dedicated to helping senior leaders design and implement strategies incorporating generational and social dynamics for higher levels of productivity and profitability.  He works with executives in industries as diverse as technology, insurance, US Military, entertainment, and pharmaceuticals.

His first project with CoachingMillennials was a large-scale research project for Assurex Global on generational engagement in 47 different independent agents and brokers. Soon after, he started consulting for Chubb insurance on strategies to attract and engage Millennials. He has since created The Six Proven Coaching Keys for Millennials, which serves as the basis for consulting work with companies. 


Warren has spent over 25 years in the field of behavioral sciences, organizational development, and media, working with a wide range of clients nationally and internationally such as Navy SEALs, World Bank, World Economic Forum, Proctor & Gamble, Chubb Insurance, and American Airlines. Warren held leadership positions at Gallup over a ten-year period including Managing Partner of the Gallup Government Practice, which grew from $9 million to $40 million under his direction. Warren also led the Gallup World Poll, the largest research project of its time—interviewing a representative sample of 6 billion people in over 150 countries around the world. Early on at Gallup, Warren worked regularly with Curt Coffman and Marcus Buckingham, implementing the Gallup products such as StrengthsFinder and Q12 Employee engagement survey into dozens of fortune 500 companies.

Early in his career, Warren worked for radio and TV stations in advertising sales in Washington DC, and then went on to start a company called JobFinder.com with two friends in 1997. They sold the company in 2000.

Warren is a passionate entrepreneur who believes business can be a force for social change. He advises several non-profits, pro-bono, and serves on the Board of Directors of Empowered Women International, based in Washington DC.

Warren has been married for 28 years and has two grown sons. He lives in Annandale, VA.
"""]
boardmember = "0"
creditsapproved = "no"

date = "2016-04-11T21:14:10-05:00"
description = """
Attracting and retaining the best talent is critical to the long-term success of any organization, and Millennials will be an important part of that equation for years to come. There are now over 100 million Millennials in the US, representing almost 32% of the workforce. They bring to the workplace new traits, new ideas, and new sensibilities that contrast markedly from previous generations.



Managers are perplexed about how to manage this new generation, currently age 34 and under. Their needs and expectations are different than the GenX and Boomer managers that are currently managing them. What do we know about this new generation? We know they’re pressured and programmed. They are special and sheltered. They are bonded to their parents and networked to their friends. They like structure, and they crave feedback. They work well in teams. They fear risk and dread failure. We also know that they do not feel very welcomed in the workplace.



According to a recent LifeCourse survey, only 16% of Millennials strongly agree that their talents are used in the workplace. There are three main sections to the presentation. The first is an overview of each of the three generations in the workplace. The boomers, born 1942-1960, came of age during the time of Woodstock, Watergate, and Vietnam. They were known as the feed-on-demand baby’s of Dr. Spock. They were the ‘original’ me generation. They are characterized by their values and mission orientation, their affinity toward individualism, and their conflicting relationship with authority, which they spend a large amount of time challenging in their youth. At work, they are work-focused and invented workaholism. Although they are the original ‘rule-breakers’, they do embrace hierarchical structures within organizations. Generation X came of age during the AIDS, fall of the Berlin Wall, and the energy crisis. They were the latchkey kids of childhood—the great ignored generation when birth rates were falling and hands-off parenting came into favor.



This coming of age experience led them to be self-reliant, pragmatic entrepreneurs. Instead of “company men”, they were the “free-agents” of the workplace and were more likely to refer to work as a ‘gig’ than a ‘career’. In the workplace, Xers are focused on results, not process. They ask the question, “What is the most efficient way to get the answer”, and led the charge for lean management and cutting out the middle man. Now, imagine when Millennials first started to appear in the workplace, what they thought of these GenX and Boomer managers. Because of their differing coming of age experience, they often did not have the same priorities for life and work. What are their priorities and preferences for work?



This is what we will explore in our session. Participants will learn about they Millennial traits and the six coaching keys for Millennials: Focus on Goals, Schedule Frequent Feedback, Nurture Teamwork, Practice Mentoring, Emphasize Positivity, and Meet Them Where They Are.
"""
directions = "The UVA Northern Virginia Center, located at 7054 Haycock Road in Falls Church, is easily accessible from I-495, I-66, and Route 7 and is adjacent to the West Falls Church Metro (orange line)."

formatteddate = "Friday, May 13, 2016"
formattedtime = "7:30 AM - 9:30 AM"
fulladdress = "7054 Haycock Road | Falls Church, VA 22043"
locationnameanddescription = "University of Virginia - Northern Virginia Center"
memberfee = "55"
nonmemberfee = "70"
parking = "Parking is $4.85 weekdays, cash only. If the University parking lot is full, please use the Metro parking lot across the street. A SmarTrip Card is needed to exit the Metro lot. To purchase a SmarTrip Card, visit http://www.wmata.com/fares/smartrip/"
publishdate = "2016-04-11"
reqdate = "2016-04-07T14:06:00Z"

session1name = "Registration/Networking:"
session1time = "2016-05-13T07:30:00Z"
session2name = "Announcements:"
session2time = "2016-05-13T07:45:00Z"
session3name = "Program:"
session3time = "2016-05-13T08:00:00Z"
session4name = "Wrap-up:"
session4time = "2016-05-13T09:15:00Z"
session5name = "Session End:"
session5time = "2016-05-13T09:30:00Z"

slug = "SIG: Training & Development-1-29"
speakeremail = ["warren@coachingmillennials.com"]
speakername = ["Warren Wright"]
speakertitle = ["President"]
speakerwebsite1 = ["http://www.coachingmillennials.com"]

subtitle = "Increasing Work Productivity Through Better Generational Understanding"
title = "Maximizing Your Millennials"

+++

