+++
slug = "SIG-International-Human-Resources-1-24"

title = "Managing Compensation in Volatile Economies"
subtitle = ""
articlenum = 1683

reqdate = "2016-03-30T10:13:00Z"
eventdate = "2016-05-03"
EarlyBirdExpiration = "2016-04-27"
PublishDate ="2016-03-31"
date = "2016-03-31T10:13:00-06:00"

FormattedDate = "Tuesday, May 3, 2016"
FormattedTime = "4:30 PM - 6:30 PM"

session1name = "Registration/Networking"
session1time = "2016-03-31T16:30:00Z"

session2name = "Announcements"
session2time = "2016-03-31T17:00:00Z"

session3name = "Program"
session3time = "2016-03-31T17:15:00Z"

session4name = "Question and Answer"
session4time = "2016-03-31T18:15:00Z"


LocationNameAndDescription = "University of Virginia Academic Outreach Center - West Falls Church Metro"
FullAddress = "7054 Haycock Road, Falls Church, Virginia 22043"
directions = "The UVa Academic Center in Falls Church is located at 7054 Haycock Road, and is easily accessible from I-495, I-66, Route 7, and is adjacent to the West Falls Church Metro (orange line)."
parking = "Ample parking available in the Metro garage and lot."

ce = "yes"
creditsApproved = "False"
creditsApprovedBusiness = "0"
creditsApprovedGeneral = "0"
creditsApprovedSHRM = "0"

MemberFee = "0"
NonMemberFee = "15"

description = """
The economic volatility brought on by inflation and currency devaluations in many countries(Brazil, Russia, South Sudan, Nigeria, and Kenya, etc.) is a real challenge for International HR and Compensation professionals.  Hear practical advice from a recognized expert in international compensation.
"""

benefits = """
Participants will learn key compensation terms, the impacts of inflation and devaluations on employers and employees, compensation best practices, tips for expatriate compensation, and sources for market intelligence.
"""

speakername = ["Warren Heaps"]
speakertitle = ["Partner, Birches Group"]
speakerwebsite1 = ["http://www.internationalhrforum.com"]
speakerbio = ["""
Warren joined Birches Group in New York as a Partner in 2007, following a long career in Compensation and Benefits at Colgate-Palmolive. He held the position of Director, International Compensation for ten years immediately prior to joining Birches Group. Warren has broad experience working across the globe with clients on local national and expatriate compensation projects.  He also leads our private sector marketing and engagement efforts, and coordinates the Aon Hewitt and Emergence Growth strategic partnerships.  Warren is the co-founder and editor of the International HR Forum blog, and previously held leadership positions for the Expatriate Management Committee of the National Foreign Trade Council, and was President of the Latin America Compensation and Benefits Forum.
"""]
+++