+++
articlenum = "1734"
benefits = """By the end of the presentation, a participant will be able to:

  - Understand the risk
  - Understand how other policies and procedures affect and support workplace violence prevention.
  - Apply lessons from a real-world example to update internal policies and ensure workplace compliance.
  - Use ASIS-SHRM industry standards on workplace violence to mitigate the risk of violence in the workplace"""
boardmember = "0"

ce = "yes"
creditsapproved = "yes"
credits = "1.5"
creditstype = "general"
date = "2016-07-08T22:23:16-05:00"
description = ""
earlybirdexpiration = "2016-11-08"
formatteddate = "Tuesday, November 15, 2016"
formattedtime = "6:00 PM - 7:30 PM"
locationdirections = "Members can now take the Silver Line to either the Tyson’s or McLean stations. At the McLean station, guests can either take the 423 or 424 bus to the Jones Branch Bus Stop which is right in front of the Gannett building. At the Tyson’s station, guests can take the 424 bus."
locationfulladdress = "7950 Jones Branch Drive, McLean, VA 22107"
locationnameanddescription = "Gannett/TEGNA, First Amendment Dining Room"
locationparking = "Please park on level P2 (follow signs to Event parking)"
memberfee = "55"
nonmemberfee = "70"
publishdate = "2016-07-08"
reqdate = "2016-06-29"
session1name = "Registration/Networking:"
session1time = "2016-11-15T17:30:00Z"
session2name = "Program:"
session2time = "2016-11-15T18:00:00Z"

slug = "chapter-meeting-11-15"
speakerbio = [""]
speakeremail = ["ctobin@at-riskinternational.com"]
speakername = ["Chuck Tobin"]
speakercompany = ["AT-RISK International"]
speakertitle = ["President"]
speakerwebsite1 = [""]
speakerwebsite2 = [""]
speakerwebsite3 = [""]
speakerwebsite4 = [""]
studentmember = "0"
subtitle = ""
title = "Building Workplace Violence Prevention Programs to Meet Industry Standards."
transitionmember = "0"
programtype = "Chapter Meeting"
+++
How can an HR professional be proactive and prevent the evolution of unwanted behavior into violence or other unwanted situations? What are my obligations to protect my employees per industry best practice and government guidance? What steps should I take? 


Those are the questions that will be discussed during the presentation.

An effective workplace violence program requires a partnership that extends beyond the efforts of a single HR specialists, Security person, Legal representative or Law Enforcement.  The presentation will review industry standards and best practice on workplace violence and their impact on the organization as a whole. We will review case studies that demonstrates how a properly designed workplace violence program should assist with early recognition of risk, allowing Human Resources specialists to improve retention and reduce the risk of violence.   Attendees will learn a process for modifying their internal standards to ensure compliance with industry guidelines.



Workplace Application
ASIS-SHRM industry standards on workplace violence offer valuable benchmarks for assessment of internal policies therefore this case study demonstrates the broad range of affected policies and how to correct deficiencies. Integrating behavioral assessment with the ASIS-SHRM standard can produce a proactive and productive program.



