+++
slug = "sig-cb-01-20"
ce = "yes"
date = "2016-02-10T16:31:54-06:00"
PublishDate = "2016-02-13"
reqdate = "2016-02-10"
eventdate = "2016-03-04"
weight = 5

title = "Aligning Compensation to Career Paths"
subtitle = "A Holistic Approach to Employee Retention & Development"

formatteddate = "Friday, March 4, 2016"
formattedtime = "8:00 AM - 10:00 AM"

locationnameanddescription = "NOVA Chamber of Commerce (formerly Fairfax Chamber)"
fulladdress = "7900 Westpark Drive, Suite A550, McLean, Virginia 22102-3853"
directions = "From Route VA-267 E/ Dulles Access Toll Rd toward Washington. Take the Spring Hill Road, Exit 17, toward VA-684. Merge onto Spring Hill Rd, which becomes International Drive. Turn left onto Westpark Drive. 7900 Westpark Drive is on the left."
parking = "Building Entrance Instructions: Enter the Guest Parking Garage from Westpark Drive. Take a parking ticket. Validation will be provided by the Chamber. Use the building entrance from the parking garage. Continue straight through the Atrium –pass the gym and convenience store. Take the elevators at the end of the Atrium to the 5th floor. Take a right off the elevator to the Chamber Office."

creditsapproved = "false"
creditsapprovedbusiness = "0"
creditsapprovedgeneral = "0"
creditsapprovedshrm = "0"

memberfee = "0"
nonmemberfee = "15"
earlybirdexpiration = "2016-02-27"

benefits = """
Attendees will be provided with key tools including:

1.  How to articulate the business case for linking compensation to career paths using data from studies and articles.
2.  List steps to developing compensation and career paths as one system including considerations and methodologies for job leveling, market pricing, and designing career paths. 

Specific topic areas will include: 

- Identifying organizational pain points as it relates to upward mobility and how to make key decision makers aware of issues related to career pathing.
- Compelling reasons for retaining and growing employees internally.
- What WE know employees want to know from Day One in order to advance their careers.
- The power and synergy of aligning career pathing and compensation management.

The presenters will provide some key steps for implementing a career pathing model and illustrate the positive organizational impact when creating a holistic, integrated approach to aligning compensation and career paths.
"""

speakername = ["Shelly Price","Cicely Clayton"]
speakertitle = ["Team Leader",""]
speakeremail = ["sprice@helioshr.com",""]
speakerwebsite1 = ["http://www.helioshr.com/",""]
description = """
From almost their first day on the job, employees want to know how quickly they can be promoted and what kinds of raises they’re likely to receive. In fact, millennials more than most generations desire quick promotions and raises. Yet, few organizations have a strategic framework that weaves together compensation and career paths into a robust program that not only answers these burning employee questions, but also enables the organization to develop and retain exceptional people. Based on BLS data that anticipates impending labor market shortages, every organization should think about how to provide opportunities to internally develop and promote employees. And while some organizations may have either a market-based compensation structure or a career development program, few align these programs into a cohesive system. When aligned, these programs tell a deeper story about how employees may be promoted, what competencies are required to get to the next level, and how an employee may be compensated based on changes in job scope. During this session we will explore not only why organizations should align compensation and career path programs, but how to create them as one succinct system.

Shelly Price, Team Lead and Cicely Clayton, Sr. Compensation & HR Business Partner will lead a discussion around best practices in career pathing and compensation management.
"""
speakerbio = ["""
Expertise\n
Shelly Price has a demonstrated history of achievement in directing the performance and effectiveness of all Human Resource functions: organization development and training, employee relations, recruiting, benefits, HRIS, and compensation. With 15 years of experience in highly matrixed, global professional services organizations in both nonprofit and for-profit sectors, Ms. Price has supported executives and leaders in many lines of business. While Ms. Price’s experience spans the full-spectrum of Human Resources, she possesses deep experience and skills in performance management, organizational development and training, Human Resource strategy development and operations management, and employee relations.

Ms. Price holds specialized training in organizational development and has designed organization structures aligned to strategy, implemented leadership development training programs, and led employee engagement action planning. As an HR leader of people, Ms. Price also brings Human Resource operations experience including strategic and operations planning.


Education/Professional Designations
Ms. Price holds an MBA, concentration in Human Resource Management, from Hood College. She is an Organizational Development Certified Professional, a Senior Professional in Human Resources (SPHR) and is also certified in the MBTI® assessment, DiSC® profile, and FourSight™ thinking profile.""","""
Expertise
Ms. Clayton is a solution-oriented professional with more than 14 years of experience concentrated in compensation management, primarily focused with Fortune 100 / 500 companies in financial services, healthcare and government contractor environments.

As an HR professional, Ms. Clayton has been responsible for overseeing all aspects of performance management and salary planning process, annual and quarterly budgeting for short and long term incentive awards, incentive design, HRIS design and implementation, job classification, benchmarking, job offer processes for all job levels including C-Suite executives, business and strategic planning, organizational design strategy and Compensation Committee submissions. Additionally, she has had extensive experience, across several industries, with the development, communication and implementation of progressive and solutions oriented compensation and total rewards programs.

Professional Background
Ms. Clayton has been an instrumental partner in the design and implementation of value management and business planning initiatives as it relates to compensation and human capital management. She understands the value of building relationships across divisions and lines of business to understand the needs of various stakeholders in an effort to arrive at a shared solution that addresses a common need. Her ability to build alliances at all levels of the organization is instrumental in the overall communication and execution of human resource oriented programs and policies.

Ms. Clayton has been able to provide expert advice and assistance during economic downturns that required her to produce various cost models and compensation related scenarios to assist executive leadership with making decisions as it related to the ongoing management of staff. Believing that as employees progress and promote through the organization, the compensation awarded to the employee be in direct proportion to the value they add to the organization’s bottom line. She has been able to align business objectives with the various levels of the organizational performance management process.


Education/Professional Designations
Ms. Clayton holds a BBA from Temple University.
"""]
+++