+++
articlenum="1684"
benefits = """
By attending this session, participants should be able to 

1. identify social media, 
2. identify ways in which social media can undermine a company’s reputation, 
3. identify ways in which social media can expose a company to potential liability, 
4. identify ways in which social media accounts and intellectual property may be at risk, and 
5. analyze how to develop policies that help reduce the risks associated with the use of social media.
"""
speakerbio = ["""
Stephen Stern is a partner with Hyatt & Weber, where he advises businesses and represents them in litigation.  Stephen helps employers minimize risk and exposure to liability by developing effective employment policies and practices.  In this regard, he advises employers on strategic matters, such as trade secret protection programs, non-compete, non-solicitation, and confidentiality agreements, privacy issues, wage/hour matters, independent contractor relationships, document retention practices, and employee handbooks, among other things.  Stephen also helps companies address issues that arise on a day-to-day basis, such as leave requests, employee discipline, accommodations for individuals with disabilities, and terminations.  In addition, Stephen has been retained to conduct highly sensitive and complicated investigations.  When litigation has been unavoidable, Stephen has successfully represented clients in federal and state courts and before federal, state, and local administrative agencies across the country.
"""]
boardmember = "0"
creditsapproved = "no"

date = "2016-04-04T18:00:26-05:00"
description = """
Despite many benefits social media offers companies, many risks arise when employees utilize these tools.  For example, employees may make comments that bring negative publicity to the company.  In addition, there is potential liability for discrimination, defamation, invasion of privacy, unlawful harassment, misappropriating trade secrets and other confidential information, and retaliation, among other things.  Employees also may claim they own social media accounts or the content of such accounts that are business related, and engage in forms of unfair competition.  To help manage these risks, a company should implement an effective social media policy and educate its employees on the parameters of the policy.
"""
directions = "Members can now take the Silver Line to either the Tyson’s or McLean stations. At the McLean station, guests can either take the 423 or 424 bus to the Jones Branch Bus Stop which is right in front of the Gannett building. At the Tyson’s station, guests can take the 424 bus."

eventdate = "2016-05-24"
earlybirdexpiration = "2016-05-18"
formatteddate = "Tuesday, May 24, 2016"
formattedtime = "5:30 PM - 8:00 PM"
fulladdress = "7950 Jones Branch Drive, McLean, VA 22107"
locationnameanddescription = "Gannett/TEGNA, First Amendment Dining Room"
memberfee = "55"
nonmemberfee = "70"
parking = "Please park on level P2 (follow signs to Event parking)"
publishdate = "2016-04-04"
reqdate = "2016-04-01T12:09:00Z"

session1name = "Registration/Networking:"
session1time = "2016-05-24T17:30:00Z"
session2name = "Announcements:"
session2time = "2016-05-24T17:45:00Z"
session3name = "Program:"
session3time = "2016-05-24T18:00:00Z"

slug = "PM Chapter Meeting-1-26"
speakeremail = ["sstern@hwlaw.com"]
speakername = ["Stephen Stern"]
speakertitle = ["Partner"]

studentmember = "0"
subtitle = ""
title = "Social Media in the Workplace"
transitionmember = "0"

+++

