+++
articlenum = "1733"
benefits = """
Session learning objectives: By the end of my presentation, a participant will be able to (provide 3-5 objectives):

 - Set goals and objectives
 - Identify project drivers
 - Identify project risks and constraints
 - Identify key design criteria that affect cost and schedule
 - Create a scope of work
"""

ce = "yes"
cecredits = "0"
cecreditsapproved = false
cecreditstype = "Human Resources (General)"
date = "2016-07-13T08:53:17-05:00"

formatteddate = "Wednesday, August 17, 2016"
formattedtime = "12:00 PM - 1:00 PM"
locationurl = "novashrm.org"
memberfee = "0"
nonmemberfee = "15"
publishdate = "2016-07-13"
programagenda = "no"
programtype = "Talent Development SIG"
reqdate = "2016-07-12"

slug = "sig-td-8-17"
speakerbio = ["Diane Elkins is the President of Artisan E-Learning, a custom development e-learning company specializing in the use of Articulate Storyline, Studio, Captivate, and Lectora. She has built a reputation as a national e-learning expert by being a frequent judge for the Brandon Hall Excellence in Learning Awards and by presenting at conferences such as ATD International Conference & Expo, and E-Learning Guild’s DevLearn and Learning Solutions.  She is co-author of the popular E-Learning Uncovered book series and is a past board member of the Northeast Florida and Metro DC chapters of ATD."]
speakercompany = ["Artisan E-Learning"]
speakeremail = [""]
speakername = ["Diane Elkins"]
speakersession = [""]
speakertitle = ["President"]
speakerwebsite1 = [""]
speakerwebsite2 = [""]
speakerwebsite3 = [""]
speakerwebsite4 = [""]
subtitle = ""
title = "Defining Your E-Learning Project"

+++
 

How much does a car cost? How long does it take to build a house? How long is a piece of string? The answer in all cases—it depends. You can run into the same uncertainty with an eLearning project if it is not properly defined up front. If you don’t know what you are trying to accomplish, what stakeholders expect, what your technology constraints are, and what business drivers will affect your project, how can you create and follow a plan to a successful conclusion?

In this session, you’ll learn key questions to ask to help properly define your eLearning projects. You’ll learn how to: set goals and objectives, understand drivers, identify constraints and risks, identify key design criteria that can affect project cost and schedule, and create a scope of work. You’ll walk away with checklists that you can customize and use to help ensure your projects all start off in the right direction.     

 
