+++
slug = "TAM-1-22-2"

title = "TAM SIG Webinar Series: Enabling Successful Succession Planning and Talent Reviews"
subtitle = "Leading an Effective Talent Review-Succession Meeting Process"

reqdate = "2016-02-29T18:09:00Z"
eventdate = "2016-04-14"
PublishDate ="2016-03-03"

FormattedDate = "Thursday, April 14th, 2016"
FormattedTime = "12:00 PM - 1:00 PM"

ce = "no"
creditsApproved = "False"
creditsApprovedBusiness = "0"
creditsApprovedGeneral = "0"
creditsApprovedSHRM = "0"

memberfee = "0"
nonmemberfee = "15"
articlenum = "1663"

description = """
NOVA SHRM and the TAM SIG are excited to provide a two-part webinar series from Doris M. Sims, SPHR an international Talent Review and Succession consultant, thought leader, speaker and author.

Title: Leading an Effective Talent Review-Succession Meeting Process

April 14th, 12pm-1pm

1. Discuss best practices used to review and identify successors, high potentials and individual leadership talent needs in the organization.
2. Learn facilitation tips and ideas for leading Talent Review meetings, to discuss the strengths, development needs, vacancy risk, etc. of your leadership talent
3. Learn about ways to increase accountability for development actions after the Talent Review meetings, to increase the opportunities for potential “Ready Now” successors in the organization.

Brochure Description: Implementing a talent review process and development program to review your talent and to identify successors, top talent and talent pools is one of the most important risk management processes you can lead for your organization.  This session will discuss the leadership talent review process, the high potential identification methods and system, ideas to increase accountability for development action plan follow-through, and the metrics used to evaluate the program.
"""

speakername = ["Doris M. Sims, SPHR"]
speakeremail = ["doris@successionconsultant.com"]
speakerwebsite1 = ["www.SuccessionConsultant.com"]
speakerwebsite2 = ["214-906-3155"]

speakerbio = ["""
Doris is the author of The 30-Minute Guide to Talent and Succession Management, The Talent Review Meeting Facilitator’s Guide, Creative Onboarding Programs, and Building Tomorrow’s Talent.  Doris works with organizations of all shapes and sizes globally (North America, South America, Asia and Europe) to help them to plan, execute, and measure a talent review process and a succession strategy.  Doris Sims, The Succession Consultant, LLC is an HRCI Approved Provider.

Doris holds an MS Degree in Human Resource Development and holds a Senior Professional in HR certification (SPHR) from the Human Resource Certification Institute (HRCI).  In 1996, Doris received the Outstanding Performers in Training Management award, in the category of “Establishing a New Training Function”, from Lakewood Publications, and her talent management procedures have been featured in a Corporate Leadership Council best practices publication.  Contact talent management author and international speaker Doris Sims, SPHR at doris@successionconsultant.com or at 214-906-3155.  View the full bio of Doris Sims at www.SuccessionConsultant.com.  
"""]
+++