+++
weight = 1
date = "2016-02-17T18:57:58-06:00"
description = """
###The HR Leadership Awards nominations categories are:

Individual Awards (sub-categories 1-500 employees, 501-1000 employees, 1000+ employees)
Leadership 
(NEW!) CHRO of the Year

Team Awards (teams÷ of up to 6 people)
Strategic Alignment
The Dr. J.P. London Award for Integrity
The Sister Eymard Gallagher Award for Service to Others

Leadership Award: This award recognizes a senior HR professional who has achieved measurable results, either in response to a one-time event such as an acquisition, or on a sustained basis over the past 2 years, that has helped the organization achieve its objectives by fully supporting its “customers” -- both internal (line managers and employees) and external (regulators, vendors, and the community at large).

Chief Human Resources Officer of the Year Award: In this category, we seek nominations from the CEO for the CHRO, or equivalent position, of his/her company. The CHRO would be viewed as a senior business partner and a key orchestrator of the strategic initiatives designed to address business needs, having a measurable impact for the organization. Requirements for nominee tenure include 3 years at his/her current company in a senior level position, and 7 years in the field of HR.

Strategic Alignment Award: In this category, we seek nominations from an HR/OD team who achieved measurable results for communicating and implementing strategic goals of the organization, either in response to a one-time event or on a sustained basis over the past 2 years.

Sister Eymard Gallagher Award for Service to Others: This award honors a team for their leadership, dedication and engagement of employees to give back to the community through service to others.

Dr. J.P. London Award for Integrity: This award honors companies with exemplary initiatives in instilling the core values and principles of the organization throughout its people, encourages implementation and is highly conscious of corporate integrity. These teams aim to share the underlying philosophy with all staff members with an uncompromising vigilance to define, emphasize and enforce the values and principles.
"""

publishdate = "2016-02-17"
reqdate = "2016-02-10"

slug = "2016-2-10-hrla-nom"
subtitle = "Call for nominations"
title = "2016 HR Leadership Awards"

+++

