+++
slug = "SIG: Government Contracting-1-23"

title = "Joint-Employer and Independent Contractors"
subtitle = "Government Contractor Pitfalls"

reqdate = "2016-03-15T14:35:00Z"
eventdate = "2016-04-01"
EarlyBirdExpiration = "2016-03-26"
PublishDate ="2016-03-16"

FormattedDate = "Friday, April 1, 2016"
FormattedTime = "8:00 AM - 10:00 AM"

session1name = "Registration/Networking"
session1time = "2016-04-01T08:00:00Z"

session2name = "Program"
session2time = "2016-04-01T08:30:00Z"


LocationNameAndDescription = "Jackson Lewis, P.C."
FullAddress = "10701 Parkridge Blvd, Suite 300, Reston, Virginia 20191"
directions = "Take the Dulles Toll Road West, Exit 14 Hunter Mill Road and go left off the ramp, make a right onto Sunrise Valley Drive and take your first right in the parking lot."
parking = "Free parking"

ce = "yes"
creditsApproved = "False"
creditsApprovedBusiness = "0"
creditsApprovedGeneral = "0"
creditsApprovedSHRM = "0"

MemberFee = "0"
NonMemberFee = "15"

description = """
Contractors serve a vital role in many companies, especially in the government contractor and construction spaces.  Join us for a look into the ever-evolving legal landscape on this issue, including hard looks at the potential pitfalls for improper classification and the newly rising challenge of joint-employer issues.   Leveraging this presentation, participants will be able to make initial assessments of their own situations, contrast available alternatives, and understand potential areas of risk and cost.
"""


speakername = ["Matthew Nieman"]
speakertitle = ["Attorney"]
speakeremail = ["niemanM@jacksonlewis.com"]
speakerwebsite1 = ["http://www.jacksonlewis.com"]

speakerbio = ["""
Matt Nieman is a principal and the litigation manager in Jackson Lewis' Washington, D.C., office. He represents employers in various labor and employment law matters, including discrimination, leave, wage and hour, questions related to the Uniformed Services Employment and Re-Employment Rights Act of 1994, and workplace drug testing issues. He has been actively involved in all phases of the litigation process on the full range of employment discrimination and employment-related tort and contract claims, including the representation of employers in actions before the Department of Labor, the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, the National Labor Relations Board, the Occupational Safety and Health Administration, the Mine Safety and Health Administration, and various state and local agencies. Mr. Nieman graduated from Cornell University and the William and Mary Law School.
"""]
+++